YeoJin: Hi, this is YeoJin!
HeeJin: And I'm HeeJin!
YeoJin: Let me show you 'Hot pack dance!'
YeoJin: Rub your hot pack hard like this!
YeoJin: Then it becomes warm. Because of the friction heat.
(HeeJin & ViVi are also doing hot pack dance along with YeoJin!)
ViVi: Keep it in your pocket. It's better way to warm it.
HeeJin: Right, that's the best way.
ViVi: You don't need to do the dance.
YeoJin: I got hurt...
YeoJin: Take my haert!! Ta-da!!
ViVi: Cu...cute?
YeoJin: Choerry is cute~
YeoJin: I like Go Won too!
Choerry: Somebody help me~~!
YeoJin: I like Yves!
Yves: Please help me...
YeoJin: Hold on a sec.
JinSoul: Oh~~~
JinSoul: You just nonchalantly took care of her, right?
JinSoul: What face is that?
Chuu: Looks satisfied!
Chuu: She looks like a baby~